Add instructions on how to install pymqi on MacOs (#3895)
DataDog/integrations-core: ibm_mq/tests/README.md

How to install pymqi in MacOs
=============================

> To be able to install pymqi in Mac you need to first set up the [IBM MQ toolkit for Mac OS][1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install pymqi on Mac, first set up the [IBM MQ toolkit for Mac OS][1].
```

> 1. Download an extract the [toolkit][2].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download and extract the [toolkit][2].
```

2. Set up the following environment variables:
    ```
    export MQ_INSTALLATION_PATH=~/IBM-MQ-Toolkit-Mac-x64-9.1.2.0
    export DYLD_LIBRARY_PATH=$DYLD_LIBRARY_PATH:$MQ_INSTALLATION_PATH/lib64

>     export PATH="${PATH}:~/IBM-MQ-Toolkit-Mac-x64-9.1.2.0/bin"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    export PATH="${PATH}:$MQ_INSTALLATION_PATH/bin"
```

Author: > So does this integration support Mac OS ?

You can install a dev toolkit on mac (since February this year) but I don't think you can actually install IBM MQ on a mac

    ```
3. Create a softlink from MQ_INSTALLATION_PATH to /opt/mqm
4. `pip install pymqi`

How to run tests from PyCharm
=============================

> Set up following env vars in your test run configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set up the following env vars in your test run configuration:
```
